fix: home page (#211)
AdobeDocs/commerce-services: src/pages/index.md

<DiscoverBlock slots="heading, link, text"/>

## SaaS Catalog Services

[Catalog Service API](graphql/catalog-service/)

> Render product-related on product detail and product list pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deliver product-related content like product detail and list pages to frontend applications.
```

<DiscoverBlock slots="link, text"/>

[Live Search API](graphql/live-search/)

> Retrieve product faceting data that is specific to the Live Search service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve and filter search results using product faceting and other data that is specific to the Live Search service.
```
